Add note about circular ref (#21219)
mdn/content: files/en-us/glossary/global_object/index.md

The properties of the global object are automatically added to the {{glossary("global scope")}}.

> In JavaScript, the global object will always hold a reference to itself:
> 
> ```js
> console.log(window === window.window); // true (in a browser)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In JavaScript, the global object always holds a reference to itself:

```js
console.log(globalThis === globalThis.globalThis); // true (everywhere)
console.log(window === window.window); // true (in a browser)
```

Reviewer 2: Yeah, I can live with that.
